---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudrift_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-cloudrift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage virtualMachines
---

# cloudrift_virtual_machine (Resource)

Manage virtualMachines



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter identifier
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type identifier
- `recipe` (String) The Base Image used for the Virtual Machine
- `ssh_key_id` (String) The SSH Key ID to be able to connect to the Virtual Machine.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Attributes) Option to provide metadata. Currently supported is `startup_commands`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Instance ID
- `node_id` (String) ID of the node where the Virtual Machine is running on.
- `node_mode` (String) Mode of the Node the Virtual Machine is running on.
- `node_status` (String) Status fo the Node the Virtual Machine is running on.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address
- `provider_name` (String) The name of the provider.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IPv4 IP address
- `status` (String) The status of the virtual machine
- `virtual_machines` (Attributes List) Virtual Machines info. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_machines))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `startup_commands` (String) A plain text script that will be executed after the first instance boot.


<a id="nestedatt--virtual_machines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_machines`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name assigned to the Virtual Machine by the CloudRift Platform.
- `username` (String) Username Generated by the CloudRift API to SSH into the Virtual Machine.
- `vmid` (Number) ID of the VM
